IBM Storage Ceph case study  

Bank serves over 20 million clients, connecting to IBM Storage Ceph storage across multiple datacenter locations   

Over 20 million clients using internet banking and mobile banking, directly and safely connecting to Bank IBM Storage Ceph storage clusters.   

  

  

The inception of the bank dates back to 26 August 1924. The bank begun to operate with two branches and 37 staff under the leadership of the first General Manager to run the bank.   

Bank vision  

Becoming the bank of the future, creating sustainable value with an inclusive and participatory approach.  

  

bank values  

Innovation, solidarity, common sense, reliability, sincerity, transparency guided by the principles of  

«Intelligence, diligence, integrity; technical and methodical work» in reference to bank's founding philosophy  

bank goals  

Commitment to our country, strong and sustainable financial performance  

Effective risk management, flawless customer experience  

Value creating technology and innovation leadership, happy and productive human resources Ethical and responsible banking, that is compassionate towards people, society and environment.  

bank strategy  

Managing our balance sheet to ensure sustainable and value added growth while using our internal and external resources in accordance with the priorities of the country's economy and preparing our enterprise for the future by continuously improving our business model in synergy with our group companies and all our business partners in the period of technological transformation.  

bank’s challenge   

bank has over 20 million clients using internet banking and mobile banking, directly and safely connecting to bank’s IBM IBM Storage Ceph S3 object storage API, which has presence across multiple availability zones and datacenter locations. The IBM Storage Ceph functionality and reliability is business critical to the financial services that are offered to İşbank clients.   

   

bank’s solution   

IBM Storage Ceph   

IBM Storage Ceph, providing scale-out object storage with S3 API connectivity and bi-directional replication across datacenter locations using secure token service (STS).   

bank has two main locations. Infrastructure availability has been realized across three distinct datacenters. Active-active replication of object data is established between all locations.  

  

Why bank chose IBM  

Enterprise support and services   

IBM provides enterprise support and services for open source storage, IBM Storage Ceph, serving bank’s crucial business needs while bank still remains to have flexibility of choice.   

  

The result  

Flexibility of open source and enterprise supported storage  

bank runs a supported open source storage environment, to address their specific business needs, with great flexibility, and bank is backed by IBM with quality assurance, updates, patches and support.  

In case bank would need assistance in any way, there is a homebase, to get access to support in multiple ways.  

 “IBM Storage Ceph offers us a flexible though scalable, software defined storage solution, with multi-protocol and multi tier support, utilized from different network segments of bank’s critical Banking applications running across multiple availability zones.”  

  

  

Why IBM Storage Ceph support matters  

  

Business critical workloads   

bank runs an IBM supported, open source storage environment, to address their specific business needs, with great flexibility, and with that, bank is backed by IBM with among others, quality assurance, certified updates, patches and technical support.  

For business-critical environments, it is crucial to have a supporting party at hand, like IBM, in case incidents would happen that could become threatening for the continuity of the business. examples of added value with IBM Storage IBM Storage Ceph, versus free to download upstream community editions of IBM Storage Ceph include: 

24x7x365 support for urgent issues, security patches from IBM Ceph experts​ 

Bug fixes backported to client currently deployed previous release​ 

Best practice sessions with IBM Ceph and large IBM Ceph customers ​ 

Ceph roadmap review/influence/feedback sessions with IBM Ceph team​ 

IBM indemnity from patent infringement cases involving use of community Ceph​ 

IBM Security & Privacy by Design (penetration testing, threat modeling, code scans, open-source license clearance) ​ 

Extensive Quality Engineering and testing to confirm features and compatibility with enterprise applications and workloads​ 

Unique IBM Ceph management and support telemetry features integrated with IBM Storage Insights ​ 

 

IBM Support  

IBM Support gives you an advantage by helping you drive success with your IBM products and services across cloud, on-premises, and hybrid cloud platforms. Our goal is to make your experience with IBM Support simple, seamless, and effective, so you can focus less on issues and more on how our products and services will help your business.  

 

Why IBM?  

Data matters. When planning high performance infrastructure for new or existing applications it’s easy to focus on compute resources and applications without proper planning for the data that will drive the results for the applications. Our products are all about solving hard problems faster with data.  

IBM helps customers achieve business value with a clear data strategy. Our strategy is simple, unlock data to speed innovation, de-risk data to bring business resilience and help customers adopt green data to bring cost and energy efficiencies. Value needs to be delivered by connecting the multiple organizational data sources with business drivers to create business value that mean something to the organization. Many organizations focus on a single driver with a storage solution, but the best solution is driven by an infrastructure strategy than can accomplish most if not all the drivers for maximum benefits. Our story is not just about another storage product but is about innovation and a storage portfolio that is powered by our global data platform.  
